If you are willing to do as I say
I promise.
You can be honored with a heroic gesture
Go
I can also make you the interim group media manager
The income will not be less than here.
But ten times safer
Why should I believe you?
Then I can do it now
What do you want?
Help!
Up and down here are people of friendship
It's no use shouting again
What are you still doing with me at this point?
The two children are gone
It must be Fei Ge
Then you go to Fei Ge
It's useless to find me
Sister Hong still believes in you
If you follow Sister Hong, you will definitely know the bottom of the child.
And you believed that I could help you?
I don't believe you.
But I believe in your greed and survival instincts
That female reporter killed you at home
Just let him go
Those two children are probably in the hands of Fei Ge
I talked to him about the terms
He will help
What are you doing back here?
Sister Hong is kind to me
I can't watch Sister Hong have an accident.
Humph
What else can you do?
I'm an undercover reporter
After leaving the customs, there is an international pass.
Move freely
When the time comes, Sister Hong will share my share
My hard work is not in vain
I warn you.
I'll kill you if you dare to play any tricks